Professor: Ana Paula Centeno | Rutgers CS | Overall: 4.0/5 | Would Take Again: 79% | Difficulty: 2.9
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/600296

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Prof. Centeno isn't a bad professor for CS112, but I recommend doing a lot of self-studying. The assignments can be heavy, so practicing with past exams, watching YouTube videos, and doing some LeetCode problems will help you understand the material better. Stay on top of the work and you'll do fine.

Course: CS111/112 (Introduction to Computer Science and Data Structures) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Unless you are completely new to programming, these classes aren't difficult. Assignments outside of exams are simple, but lengthy; 111 exams are code-heavy; 112 exams are concept-heavy. The midterm grade replacement policy makes it easier to recover points.

Course: CS111 (Introduction to Computer Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
I think I know more about her love for cats than computer science. Lectures move slow, you can just skip and study the practice exams. The study material is actually useful.

Course: CS111 (Introduction to Computer Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Professor Centeno is a really great professor, she answers all questions, encourages questions, and teaches well. As long as you ask questions and go to lectures you will be fine. Plus they have past exams as a resource to study for future exams which are very helpful.

Course: CS111/112 (Introduction to Computer Science and Data Structures) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
I took CS111 and CS112, and it was the worst class that I ever took at Rutgers. The exams and assignments were unnecessarily hard and I do not wish for anyone to take her class ever again.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Centeno is honestly not a good teacher. She goes ridiculously slow, and focuses on irrelevant material. Despite this, as long as you have some data structure knowledge, this class is honestly quite easy. Lectures are not worth going to, you'll learn more from recitations alone.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
prof centeno is actually amazing. her lectures are very engaging and she is very great at explaining concepts. shes also very patient and is very willing to answer questions or reexplain topics in the middle of lecture. i think she is the best teacher for CS111 and CS112.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Centeno is a fantastic teacher and her lectures were always easy to follow and worth going to. She cares a lot about her class and appreciates participation. Start your projects/hw early and the class is a sweep, dont be afraid to ask questions from TAs or her.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Data Structures is a weed-out class, so this is not Professor Centeno's fault. But the lectures were good, she is available and cares about your learning. The midterm and final were HORRIBLE. Eventually passed with a different professor.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Her lectures explain things well and she is super patient with students. The exams are tougher than prev years but if you keep up with the material, it's manageable. Assignments make up a big part of your grade, get around 85% or higher on those, a B is doable even if you don't do great on exams.

Course: CS111 (Introduction to Computer Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Professor Centeno is a great professor, especially for beginning coders she will walk through every part of the topic. If you don't understand she will sometimes take the rest of the lecture so you understand before moving on. Make sure you code by yourself first then get help after.

Course: CS111 (Introduction to Computer Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Great professor, fun lectures, easy labs and assignments, fair exams. Sometimes she goes off topic and talks about things completely unrelated to the class, which can be a bit irritating. Other than that, 5/5.

Course: CS111 (Introduction to Computer Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Great professor that teaches with passion and excitement. Really takes time to make sure you understand a concept AS LONG AS YOU ASK. Occasionally goes off topic with personal stories which some won't appreciate.