Professor: Ananda Gunawardena | Rutgers CS | Overall: 4.0/5 | Would Take Again: 79% | Difficulty: 3.0
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2414859

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Liked how the course allowed you to make up your grade if you messed up on an exam as the homeworks really helped raise grades. I learned more through the homeworks than exams.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
You can tell he is genuinely a nice person, but unfortunately his lectures aren't the most helpful and the class isn't the most organized.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Really liked everything I learned. This was the first class where I really used Python, and it was really exciting to see how effective the language is in data cleaning and processing. I knew very little about machine learning, but now I'm confident in my skills especially after the final project. The class was always exciting.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Really like him, made lecture enjoyable. Offered career opportunities and was a lovely person to learn from. Class assignments were manageable. Easily recommend this professor, he makes this easy class fun to be a part of.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
He will make you enjoy data science and coding. Though he is a little disorganized and uncoordinated, he is excellent at teaching concepts. He always patiently answers all student questions. Definitely try to take him for CS210.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Although he is disorganized, he is a very nice professor and enthusiastic about lectures. Class is project heavy with 4 assignments (30%), 5 quizzes (20%), participation (10%), midterm1 (10%), midterm2 (15%), and final project (15%). There is no final exam but the final project is comprehensive.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
I thoroughly enjoyed having him as a professor. I feel like I learned so much useful information and am now considering data analysis as a future career path. I even registered for other data science courses because of how much I've come to appreciate data management.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
The shining star of the Rutgers CS Department.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Prof is enthusiastic, cheerful, and approachable. He encouraged curiosity, linked lessons to real-world use cases, and supported student learning with extra resources including Cubits videos.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
He teaches alongside an AI, which would be fine if he actually knew what he was teaching. He seems to not prepare for his lectures and changes exam dates several times in the week leading up to the exam. His assignments are reasonable but it's his way or the highway and nothing is his fault. Don't recommend.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
He's a great teacher. The class was enjoyable and getting a good grade was very doable.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Guna is fine, but I wish he coordinated with his TAs more since they had a lot of conflicting information. I don't like his required attendance policy. Final project was cool though, he let you go wild as long as you fulfilled his requirements.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Attendance required but easy class if you do the work. 4-5 Labs: 35%, 5 Quizzes: 20%, Midterm: 20%, Course Project: 15%, Attendance: 10%. Project seems tough since you have to come up with your own idea but they are easy on the grading. Does a curve based on everyone's grade.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
He's a good lecturer and fair grader. Genuinely cares about his students learning. That being said he is very disorganized and does not give clear criteria on how he will grade you. However he is very approachable and understanding.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Really nice guy but incredibly disorganized. The labs are difficult not because of material but because you have to decipher what they're asking in the first place. TAs will all respond differently on Piazza. There is literally no review material given for exams, barely any practice problems and any given won't have solutions.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Super nice professor but the organization was questionable. Every homework lab was vague and often had errors or missing information that made you spend more time figuring out what the questions were asking than actually solving them. The midterm review materials were not thorough enough.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Professor Gunawardena was great, just great. An extremely caring and talented professor that taught Discrete I in a very digestible way that was easy to understand.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Pay attention in class, do the work (labs, practice exams, quizzes, cubits), ask questions if you're stuck and you'll be fine. There are plenty of resources. Personally learned much more ML than my ML professor last semester. Labs can be confusing at times by wording.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Students had to correct Guna in almost every lecture multiple times for contradicting himself. He rarely considers student feedback seriously and stands his ground when he's wrong. In a standardized class like 205, it's crucial that concepts are communicated and tested consistently.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
The course was great to not only develop fundamentals of AI and data science but also shape passion for the field. I like the professor's excitement about the subject and his involvement with various research projects is really interesting.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Professor Guna is a fantastic professor and a really nice guy. His lectures are pretty good and he is fair with grading. For exams, he gives points back if the question was extremely difficult and if no one got it correct.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Nice man who thinks smiling and being friendly makes up for his horrendous organization. The lecture slides and notes are totally incoherent. Even though I had experience with ML, I felt like I actually unlearned things trying to piece together what anything meant for exams. The labs were full of typos and unclear questions.

Course: CS439 (Introduction to Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Disorganized. All the labs were filled with errors, wrong values for problems, typos, etc. Grade reports were also wrong and he counted attendance wrong despite us filling out attendance forms every day of class.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Prof. Guna is intelligent but disorganized. Always late and a slow grader. He doesn't attend his exams, leaving TAs in charge. Avoid his section as he's less accessible for questions compared to other professors.