Professor: Bernhard Firner | Rutgers CS | Overall: 3.6/5 | Would Take Again: 59% | Difficulty: 3.8
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1916642

Course: CS462 (Introduction to Deep Learning) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Good professor. Biweekly recitation quizzes. Midterm was a bit rough averaging under a 60, but the final really made up for it. He sourced a bunch of questions from the midterm, recitation quizzes, and lecture sample questions word for word, so as long as you look them over you were guaranteed a solid portion of the exam.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Don't listen to people saying he's a good professor. Although he's nice, his lecture and slides are very vague and barely prepare you for exams. The average for the recent midterm was literally a 46%, should tell you a lot.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
This professor's grade curve last semester was amazing. My friend got a 63% overall but Firner curved it so much that he got a B+. Such an amazing curve!

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
This was his first time teaching this course. He posts all his lecture slides on Canvas. The projects were very manageable. Yet his tests and quizzes were centered around tricky MCQs with plenty of gotcha questions. The median for the final exam was around 55% yet he only curved everyone's course grade by 1%.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
His course was very challenging but he explained everything clearly during lectures. All the material is available on slides; if you study them you can perform well on the exams. The assignments were also straightforward.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Not an easy professor. Tests will definitely trouble you if you don't prepare, and the final exam was handed out in an inefficient way which gave people unfair advantages. He is against practice questions. Still a good personable prof with amazing lectures; if you put the work in you succeed.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
While he is a nice and helpful professor, his exams are pretty difficult. The slides are very broad and the exams are difficult to prepare for. However he does give out study guides that are somewhat similar to the exams. He does not offer any curves even though grades were sometimes very low.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Really nice guy, very passionate about what he's teaching. Midterm and first quiz were light work, final exam definitely not so much. Slides were ehh and he goes through stuff quickly, but is willing to help you at office hours. Don't cram last minute.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Bad and ineffective teaching. Lectures mostly read from slides. Practice problems do not reflect the actual exams. Exam averages are around 50% with no curve. The professor is nice but not an effective instructor. This course requires heavy self-teaching and is risky for GPA.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Lectures add almost no value and mostly consist of reading directly from slides. The slides cannot be downloaded and must be viewed one page at a time, very inconvenient. Despite the second quiz and final exam both averaging around 50/100 there was no curve at all, which felt unreasonable.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
He was a nice guy but not the best professor. You need to look at the textbooks he provides online but it's difficult to find some of them. Exams are always different from the practice. No curves at all.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
His lectures were very informative and engaging. It was easy to get 100% on most homework which is half your grade. My favorite class so far. You can skip if you need to since slides are available online but I looked forward to attending. If you prefer to follow along in your own way, you won't feel pressured.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Firner is very clearly passionate about the topic of the course. He comes across as personable while still being professional. He has plenty of industry stories to share. His slides are informative but you are missing a charming lecturer if you elect not to show up.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Truly one of the better professors in the CS Department. He taught comp arch which has really difficult concepts to understand, but any question I ever asked him he could answer instantly and made everything make sense. Also cares a lot about the students he teaches.