Professor: David Menendez | Rutgers CS | Overall: 2.6/5 | Would Take Again: 44% | Difficulty: 3.9
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2336289

Course: CS314 (Principles of Programming Languages) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
I've had Menny for 211, 214, and 314. He has tough exams and projects but very generous curving that more than makes up for it. I personally never attended classes and performed very well in all 3 courses. As long as you put in the work you will get the grade. He is very nice and knowledgeable about the material.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Best. Professor. Ever. So knowledgeable and great at teaching. His lectures are awesome, and he always answers questions thoroughly. Class is somewhat hard, but reasonable if you come to lecture.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Monotonous lectures, but he's down-to-earth and accessible. Homeworks are very difficult, so be sure to do well on them or else you won't pass. Tests are mainly conceptual trivia-type questions with little to no coding. The curve is negligible, so don't rely on it.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
I have had Menendez for two classes and you need to stay focused on assignments. The assignments are very important, doing badly on them means you will not pass. The tests are not particularly difficult and more closely resemble trivia exams than coding exams.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Poor teaching skills, cannot keep students engaged in lecture, and focuses on teaching info that is irrelevant on exams, HW, and in careers. Review session before exam is helpful though. Final was very fair and reasonable.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Menendez is very dry and pretty by the books, but very knowledgeable about computer architecture and went through examples multiple times for confused students. His class is hard and projects MUST be started early if you want a good grade, but its doable. Tests are not heavy on coding, more regular problems.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
There are 3-5 projects and the rest of the grade is exams. Exams are very hard. Projects require perfection to pass the class. Hard cutoffs, had to retake class for a 69.5%. Unhelpful lectures, no updates on Canvas, and VERY slow grading.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
The class is not as bad as Algos but not great. Most people get to phase 3 or 6 of the big project. Exams are hard but doable. Projects are hard, some not doable. Professor's lectures are not very helpful and speaking to him outside of class also isn't helpful.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Prof. Menendez is a very good teacher; his explanations of C and low-level architecture are thorough and cohesive. The midterm and final include code-on-paper so you'll need real effort to do well, but his class is absolutely worth it.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
The lectures were dry but everything gets posted online so you can skip comfortably. 50% projects 50% midterm/final. Class averages were very high with fair exams, so overall the A is free.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Insanely disorganized class. Lectures felt like a fun facts session more than an actual lecture. Projects and exams required self study from start to finish. Did not give enough time for the projects for the amount of work required.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Great teacher in a difficult weed-out course. He's objectively a good teacher and a very nice person.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
I took this class knowing people complain about Menny's organization. Unsurprisingly, assignment grades came out 2 days before finals. However, he's a great professor who definitely knows his stuff. GO TO LECTURES and ask questions. Exam questions seemed fair difficulty-wise but were all open-ended.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
He answers questions well and is definitely knowledgeable. Stopped attending lectures because it's just him writing in a text file which he posts after class. Projects were interesting and clearly described, a little challenging. Make sure you choose a good partner.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Very smart guy, but he assumes students are as smart as he is. Projects and tests are difficult. Not really available outside of class so ask during lecture. Overall decent professor, just keep up and ask worthwhile questions.

Course: CS211 (Computer Architecture) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
My only criticism is that he rarely responds to emails. Exams are fairly straightforward and he lets you bring a cheat sheet. Projects take time but are fair. I took him for both CS211 and 212 and got an A both times. VERY generous curve at the end.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Get a good partner. Professor writes all notes in .txt files making self study very easy. Exams are very lenient in terms of grading and there is a curve at the end. Fall 2024 had very high medians (90 on projects, 70 on exams) compared to other semesters.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Lecture was straightforward and he does a good job explaining concepts. He'll answer questions in class but gets annoyed if your question is off topic. Has 2-hour office hours twice a week but doesn't really respond to emails. Exams were fair based on topics taught.

Course: CS214 (Systems Programming) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Never answers emails, exam material rarely matches up with lectures, and grading scheme on projects is ridiculous with no rubric and no test cases. Not a single grade was posted till the week of finals. Absolutely disorganized, don't take anything with him.