Professor: Miranda Garcia | Rutgers CS | Overall: 2.9/5 | Would Take Again: 52% | Difficulty: 3.2
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2702069

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Grading was all over the place and super late all the time. Garcia's lectures are sometimes inconsistent and hard to follow, but they are all posted. The material itself isn't that bad and there are a lot of sources online if you need help. Tests are difficult and need to be studied for.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Lectures were useful and homework was manageable, but grading took a long time. Responded to emails quickly. Very test heavy but some extra credit was offered near the end. Exams and the final project were brutal, but I enjoyed my stay.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Great professor, lectures were mandatory but were very helpful for understanding material. Exams were based on everything we went over in class and in homeworks, so it was very doable.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Explains the material well, so it's essential to attend lectures. The grading can be somewhat disorganized. As long as you keep up with the work and self study and don't slack off, you'll be fine.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Mandatory lectures, but absolutely worth the time. Learned a TON from lectures, and being attentive in those guarantees the A basically. 3% extra credit, 30% grade comes from problem sets graded leniently. 10% attendance. Super free class just don't slack.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Uploads recorded lectures to study for exams. 3 exams (20% each), 15% project, 15% hw, 10% participation. Exams are okay, repeated from previous semesters. Accommodating with exams, not responsive through email. Class isn't too hard if you study a few hours per exam.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Professor Garcia makes this course a little too mathematical to the point that students have difficulty understanding the concepts. He is also disorganized and teaches way too fast. Avoid if you can, though if you can't make sure to watch YouTube videos before lectures.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
He's a pretty good lecturer. Problem sets and exams are very straightforward and reasonable. Very lenient grading structure especially for a CS class with 10% participation. Downsides would be he's a little disorganized and takes a long time to grade. Recitations were absolutely useless.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Class is coordinated so assignments, tests, and content is the same no matter the prof. He does not follow the slides but rather uses the chalkboard. Lectures can be helpful but are boring. He's chill in general, just not the best lecturer. Recitations are super helpful though. He'll answer questions, even dumb ones.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Prof cares about the class and is great at explaining things, speaks a little softly. The course itself is disorganized and unstructured, so it's easy to find some concepts out of place during class. Many of the big coding assignments have glitches in the auto-grader which is annoying.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Garcia is a great lecturer. He makes the material very clear and easy to understand. The project is a little outdated but easily transferrable to more modern technologies. He is sadly not very accessible outside of class and does not respond to emails.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
This teacher is very bad at lectures, really boring actually. But his homework is very good at teaching you things and the exams are really straightforward.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Miranda gives you the absolute bare minimum. The content is good and Miranda teaches it passably, but he doesn't care to answer emails or grade work meaningfully. People openly cheat on exams. It's a free A at the end of the day but you can do better.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Professor Garcia is one of the most amazing professors in the Rutgers CS department. His lectures are interesting and inspirational. Even though he does not reply to emails, he is really accessible during office hours and willing to help. Exams are not that hard as long as you prepare well.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Lectures are great, he's solid at explaining the material and super nice and open to questions. Homework can be difficult sometimes but prepares you well for the exams. The exams themselves are fair difficulty-wise. He's inconsistent with communication on Piazza and grading is horribly slow. Regardless he's a great CS prof.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Solid professor but very unorganized. Didn't get final project grade until the day grades were due. Disappeared from Piazza a few weeks into the semester and very rarely replied to emails. Lectures were solid though, explained concepts pretty well. Homework and exams really weren't an issue. But the final project was a MESS.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Pretty good lectures and explains the material well, but damn does he take long to grade assignments and tests. He also barely responds to emails so good luck trying to reach out without going to office hours.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Very engaging lectures. Explains concepts pretty clearly for the most part. You won't learn the material nearly as well if you don't attend lectures. Besides explaining concepts he goes through more difficult problems in class that come up on problem sets and exams. Almost totally inaccessible outside of class.

Course: CS112 (Data Structures) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
This professor NEVER responds to emails. He NEVER answers questions on Piazza. He grades towards the end of the semester. His lectures are LOUSY. VERY unprofessional. This is an important course. Please do NOT take ANY course taught by this professor.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
This may be the most disorganized course I have ever taken in the CS department. He is MIA the entire semester. Reused recorded lectures from years ago. Exams were brutal. Projects are ridiculous, kind of like learning 1+1 and then doing calc on a test. Avoid at all costs.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Extremely disorganized teacher. He has not graded anything and it is towards the end of the semester. He is also not good at communicating with students because he probably does not check his emails.

Course: CS336 (Principles of Information and Data Management) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Databases was the most disorganized thing I've ever been a part of. Tests and homeworks were graded months late. Garcia didn't respond to emails and wasn't at office hours. Vital project information was released on the due date.