Professor: Samaneh Hamidi | Rutgers CS | Overall: 2.5/5 | Would Take Again: 38% | Difficulty: 3.7
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2519830

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Good prof. Can skip final if you have more than a certain grade at the end of the class. Quizzes almost every week, announced the class before. Easy A, exams are super easy.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
Prof Hamidi is a good professor. Can skip the final given you fulfill a certain criteria. Her exams are sometimes word for word from practice exams and textbook questions. She expects participation and attendance is mandatory. She is super caring.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Professor Hamidi was definitely strict but I wouldn't confuse strict with bad. She required attendance and exams require a good chunk of studying, but her lectures were always extremely engaging and she offered points for class participation. Just be prepared for her TED talks.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Prof. Hamidi requires attendance and heavy participation. She breaks down concepts well but responses can lack clarity. Tests feature ambiguous wording so practice a wide variety of problems across all categories. Graded quizzes are frequent.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Her teaching style is very mid but the main issue is her personality. She is not friendly at all and makes the classroom environment incredibly unpleasant. I was more stressed about going to class and seeing her than the actual class. Your grade is entirely based on 4 exams and in-class quizzes.

Course: CS344 (Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
She takes a long time to grade exams and assignments. She says she reads textbooks everyday for this course but somehow never knows the answers to questions. Poor teaching of algorithms. Spends more time writing verbose definitions on the chalkboard than actual algorithms, then complains she ran out of class time.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
I was in a lecture and a girl walked in and sat at the back just listening. Hamidi saw her and in front of 100 students, singled her out and yelled at her to get out because she was from a different section. It made me so uncomfortable to see a prof scold a student so disrespectfully.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Had her for Discrete 2. Her tests are pretty hard but she covers all the material she tests on. Quizzes can be brutal and the class can eat up more time when you have a full schedule. Overall pretty good, she does care for her students.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
She scares me a bit. Her tests and quizzes come from past exams she posted. If you sit in front, do the extra credit, and show effort you will get an A. I did over 300 problems for exam 2. If you're not ready to put in the effort, this isn't the class for you.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Almost all exam questions are copy pasted from previous ones posted on Canvas. Many ways to earn extra credit, TAs were very lenient with grading especially for the final. That being said I'd avoid taking her for any other class, but for Discrete 2 you'll be fine.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
The quizzes are extremely difficult and final exam too. Very tough grading. Make sure you read the textbook and do all the problems if you want to pass. Also try to get extra credit and communicate with your TA.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
She has taught me why it is important to find a good professor. The lectures included at least 20-30 minutes of irrelevant rants. She would start a new chapter at the end of lecture then stop teaching to complain when people prepared to leave. Take CS206 with anyone else.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
She'll fly by material, mention some problems you could practice and never speak about it again. Then on quizzes if you do not solve a problem EXACTLY how she would, she takes points off. If you miss anything, the whole problem is wrong, no partial credit at all.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Worst professor ever. I'm a commuter student with a disability. Given my situation it is not feasible to travel for mandatory 8:30am lectures which have pop quizzes. To pass the class I'd need a 100 on every exam. Her system is extremely unfair to disadvantaged students.

Course: CS205 (Introduction to Discrete Structures I) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
She genuinely cares about all of her students. She's only disliked because Discrete math is hard and attendance is mandatory. Be prepared to go to office hours, she'll give you extra credit and help you if you show her that you care.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Lectures are on the blackboard, recitations cover lecture material, weekly quizzes based directly on recitation problems. There are no surprises. Prof is strict but clearly cares about student learning. Solve recitations and past exams and you will do well.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
All of the quizzes and exam questions are basically either the exact same problems she assigns as practice problems with different numbers, or very similar problems from previous exams she posts on Canvas.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
If I am being completely honest, she is not a bad teacher. She explains concepts clearly and goes through example problems in detail. That being said, I've never encountered a more rude and disrespectful professor in my life. Take with someone else.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
She was rude to a few TAs and students. On the last day she guilt tripped all students to rate her good on the survey after telling a sob story. The material is interesting but as a professor she is not good. You're going to have to self-study and rely on TAs.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
The professor is strict but explains concepts clearly. Attendance is essential as important announcements are made in class, not on Canvas. Exams include questions from recitations, practice, and the textbook. Pop quizzes are given so stay prepared.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Terrible professor. Spends 20 minutes every lecture droning on about her studying habits in college. A quiz every week. Picks on random students and forces them to go to the board, solve a problem, and explain it to the entire class. 6% of your grade is entirely up to her discretion.

Course: CS206 (Introduction to Discrete Structures II) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
She's a great lecturer. If you pay attention you only need to spend a few hours outside of class to study. She's very organized and her policies are clear. If you get a 90 average before the final you get to skip it. She gets too much hate for no reason.