Professor: Sesh Venugopal | Rutgers CS | Overall: 3.1/5 | Would Take Again: 46% | Difficulty: 3.8
Source: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/182646

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
I took both 213 and 210 and theyre both sad excuses for cs classes. The prof uses AI to teach, students use AI to cheat, and no one gets punished. Academic honesty will not be rewarded so u might as well cheat. He shouldve retired earlier.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
The professor uses AI for everything, his projects are very confusing, the exams are inconsistent with what he teaches us, plus there is no curve and the grading is really harsh.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
First of all there was no actual teaching. He used AI the entire semester to teach us. 3 exams and 3 projects to grade. All the projects have vague information and no clear instructions. You will never be prepared for exams with the way he teaches. No review.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Professor relies on AI heavily and encourages use of it excessively. Majority of projects were not based on what we learned in class. Directions on projects and exams are vague, and they use harsh specific rubrics with specifications that were never mentioned.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
This professor does not teach. He discourages you from learning how to understand or write code with your own brain. There are no lectures, sample exams, or study guides. Every resource is ChatGPT. NEVER take his class.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
His exams aren't related to the course material. His TAs are not fair and tough graders. Lectures are really boring and he just reads off the slides. If you have a question he will answer by saying "ask ChatGPT". He doesn't care anymore.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 1.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
lectures were very confusing and unorganized, sesh talked more about AI than actually teaching content. people stopped showing up and he ends lectures early. exams are brutal with zero prep. I had to self teach most if not all of 213. he doesnt care anymore.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 2.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
approachable and good attitude! however, his lectures are primarily chatgpt conversations and aren't engaging. exams are brutal. while the cheat sheet seems like it will help, there's so many dense questions far worse than the problem sets. enjoyed the HW assignments but grading is very unforgiving.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Sesh is very knowledgeable and an overall great guy, but this class was so AI-reliant that you could definitely get a decent grade if you never show up to lecture. Exams are pretty difficult and TAs are incomprehensible, so be prepared to do a lot of self-studying.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Sesh is very kind and knowledgeable, but his lectures are extremely useless. All his notes are screenshots from GPT, and he just reads them. Exams were mostly knowledge-based and HWs were relatively easy. You are better off learning the material on YouTube.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
213 is a must take course, it is without a doubt the course that I have learned the most in at Rutgers. However, it is definitely not easy. Sesh is a good lecturer, but a little boring. The projects are great and force you to learn the concepts well. Recommend with an otherwise light courseload.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
Previous reviewer said it best. Sesh will make you a better coder whether you like it or not. It's basically adapt or die on the projects and the exams are rough but I came out twice as confident in my work. Lectures are great but surface level.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 5.0
His class was tough, but he is a good professor. Very approachable and easy to talk to. Software Methodology cleared up all the confusion I had related to coding, especially Java OOP. He will make you a better coder whether you like him or hate him.

Course: CS213 (Software Methodology) | Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Lectures are boring but usually useful. Projects are hard and require advanced planning but very rewarding. Exams aren't too difficult if you attend lecture and practice recitation problems. Material and projects are very practical for software engineering jobs.

Course: CS210 (Data Management for Data Science) | Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
4 projects (2 in-group), 3 exams. His lectures involved screenshots from ChatGPT to organize syntax. Some exams had little chances to receive partial credit. Memorize syntax, practice coding on your own instead of relying on AI, and you'll be fine.